[Autogenerated] We will start off with our first
objective from the exam blueprint.
Design resilient architectures,
and we're going to go through several facets of this objective and look at
key services and key concepts that you need to understand.
To pass the exam.
To design a multi tier architecture,
you need to have a clear understanding of the five
components of a multi tier architecture.
The first of these is the VPC.
The VPC, or the virtual Private cloud,
is a fundamental aspect of building service solutions in the cloud.
The VPC is designed to mimic private networking
aspect of an on premise data center.
We'll discuss this in more detail in a later exam object
when we specifically focus on networking.
The next component is the use of availability zones
and sub nets to build resilient,
highly available solutions to help us eliminate single points of failure.
This will be covered in more detail in later exam objective as well.
Next, we have security groups and network access control list,
also known as knack ALS.
These act like firewalls for your infrastructure and they
will be covered in our networking module.
The next aspect of a multi tier solution is the use
of load balancers within AWS.
There are three types of load balancers.
We have the classic load balancer,
these application load balancer and the network load balancer.
And each of these load balancers has specific use cases for when
their best fits is well is best practices,
which will briefly mention later the final aspect of a well designed,
multi tier architecture er, is using cloudfront.
We might not always use cloudfront, but when we have caching needs,
cloudfront can be very useful.
Cloudfront can help us cache both static content as well as
dynamic content for our modern web applications.
This service will also be covered in more detail in a later exam.
Objective-C.
The purpose off this aspect of the exam is understanding how these
solutions fit together to build a multi tier solution.
This diagram is intended to provide an example of a multi
tier solution before sitting for the exam.
Make sure you are comfortable with this diagram and why different
types of sub nets are used depending on the types of services and
servers that are being deployed.
For example,
this data layer of our model is in a private sub net our databases should
always be protected and not be exposed to the public internet.
We'll talk more about database is in a later module as well.
So applying the concepts we've just discussed to create highly available,
fault tolerant solutions,
it's important to loosely couple our systems to
prevent single points of failure.
When taking the exam,
look carefully at the scenarios presented and the questions related to highly
available fault tolerant systems and choose theon option that does not create a
tightly coupled system or a single point of failure.
Avoid tight coupling because it leads to single points of failure in our design.
If you go back and read the well architected framework White paper,
it will help clear up any areas of confusion you may have around
loosely coupled versus tight coupled systems.
Decoupled architectures is another important area to understand.
For the exam, there are reasons for us to use decoupling in our architectures.
We're gonna look at three of these that you need to understand to pass the exam.
The first of these is to decouple our architecture for health reasons.
This is done to prevent one system from breaking the entire process.
Oven apps stream system fails.
Think of any commerce platform a customer places in order.
That order goes into a queue and the order processing
system pulls the order from the queue.
After it processes the order,
it sends it to another downstream que is for order fulfillment at a warehouse.
If one of these two down street systems breaks the customer's orders,
can see to be taken because of the decoupled architectures,
they can be stored in queues.
When the system comes back online,
the order can be processed and fulfilled without having cues.
The entire process breaks because the system breaks.
Using cues helps ensure that orders are not lost.
The next reason to use cues is to decouple for scalability.
For this use case,
take a system that trans code customer videos When
the customer's videos are received,
their place into queues for downstream systems to the code.
The videos.
Because video trans coating can see are e processor,
intensive jobs in the queue can start to get large,
and if you remember,
you can use CloudWatch combined with sqs to monitor the queue and make auto
scaling changes to the worker processes As the queue grows.
This is one way scalability convey used with queues.
The final aspect for decoupling for scalability involves elastic load balancers.
Load balancers can be placed both on the edge and at
the apple are of our architecture,
then the elastic load balancer and auto scaling can be used together to
scale and manage various layers of our architecture.
So when designing architecture, it is important to separate services for example,
having dedicated web servers at one layer and having dedicated application
servers at another layer that can scale independently.
The last take load balancer gives us the ability to do this and
decouple our architecture for scalability,
one of the storage types that is often for gotten his instant store.
And what you need to remember for this exam objective is that it is only
supported with a limited number of are two instantiate types.
It also has limited capacity for storage,
but it's extremely fast because it resides on the actual physical host.
It is not network attached storage.
However.
The problem with this type of storage is that it is temporary or
what we call ephemeral because it is ephemeral.
It only exists for the life of the instance,
and then it's gone because of this,
it is neither reliable nor resilient as a storage option.
There are use cases for this type of storage,
but not for a resilient and reliable architectures.
And the next storage type is elastic block store.
This storage is network attached storage,
and it has a lifecycle that is independent of the instance
detached to There are four types of EBS volumes.
There are two types based on traditional hard drugs,
and there are two types based on solid state drives.
The two solid state Docker types should be familiar.
There is general Purpose SSD, also known as GP two,
and there's also provisioned IOPS SSD,
known as I 01 We won't discuss the characteristics of these drives
because this is not a deep dive into storage types,
but you should be familiar with the characteristics for the exam.
You need to understand when you should use something like GP
two versus I owe one for a given situation.
The two types of hard drives based on storage traditional Docker types,
our throughput optimized HDD, also known as S T one,
and cold HDD known as S C.
One.
Again, Please make sure you review the characteristics of these Docker types.
The key got to to pay attention to on the exam is that neither
s t one nor SC one can be used as a boot.
Um, for any instance, all four of these Docker types are reliable and resilient.
The next storage type we wanna look at is a newer storage type
known as elastic file store or Amazon Efs.
Think of S E.
F.
S is a petabytes scale file storage.
It is an elastic storage,
so you don't have to define storage allocation at creation.
And unlike and bs volume, it can be attached to multiple E C.
Two instances.
EFS supports both NFS 40 and the 41 protocols, and it's compatible with Linux.
There will be support for Windows in the future, but currently it's Linux only.
Before you take the exam,
you should probably check the fake for EFS to make sure that has not changed.
Because EFS is a managed service, it is designed to be reliable and resilience.
The next storage type we wanna look at is Amazon S3.
It is probably the most well known storage type within AWS,
and it's also one of the oldest services that AWS developed.
It's been around since 2006.
It also supports what's known as encryption at rest.
Amazon S3 is available in several storage classes,
but S3 standard support what's called 11 nines durability,
which makes Amazon S3 a reliable and resilient storage option.
For your data.
For the exam,
you need to be familiar with the characteristics of Amazon S3 storage.
The final service we wanna look at is Amazon.
Glacier Glacier is designed for long term data storage.
Think of Glacier as a replacement for tape drops.
Glacier can be used in conjunction with Amazon S3 for
lifecycle policies to archive data.
The key thing you wanna remember about Glacier it is
not designed to be a backup solution.
It is designed to be an archival solution.
Please refer to the links included with the course to help you dive deeper
into any of these topics before we move on to the next exam.
Objective-C.
Let's take a few minutes to review a couple of sample
exam questions and discuss how to tackle these types of
questions when taking the exam.
So this first example question is from our design
Brazilian architectures Objective-C, and the question is as follows.
A solution architect is designing a highly scalable system to track
patient records due to compliance requirements.
These records must remain available for immediate download for up to six months,
and then they can be archived.
What is the best approach to address this issue?
Store the files in Amazon EBS and create lifecycle policy to
move the files to Glacier after six months,
store the fouls in Amazon Glacier and create
lifecycle policies to archives to S3.
After six months,
store the files in Amazon S3 and create lifecycle
policies to archive to glacier.
After six months or option d,
store the files in Amazon EFS and create a
lifecycle policy to archive the files.
After six months,
pause the video for a moment and think about how you would answer this
question and then we'll come back and discuss it.
So, first of all, what is the question really asking us?
Well,
there most of the information and the question is really not
relevant talking about compliance requirements other than the fact
that you need the information to be around,
that could be eliminated from the question,
though the key is that it must be available for
immediate download for six months, then it can be archived.
What we talked about archiving and that glacier is
what we use to archive our data.
So that's part of it.
So answer A says, use EBS and create lifecycle policies.
We know that's not correct.
If you've been studying a to be s and building your mental model,
you know, EBS does not work with lifecycle policies,
so that is not an option.
And you can't use EBS to put anything in Glacier.
The second option store files in Glacier and create a policy to archive to S3.
That's not really gonna work either, because that's the backwards way.
You don't start with Glacier and then go to S3.
So again,
you could eliminate this one pretty easily if you understood the material.
The third option is store the files in Amazon S3 and create a
lifecycle policy to archive dict Glacier.
After six months, that sounds like a pretty good answer.
Let's just look at the last one just to be safe before we make our final choice,
De says,
store the files in Amazon EFS and create a lifecycle
policy to archive files after six months.
Okay, we know we can't use the f s with lifecycle policies,
lifecycle policies or for S3.
So that leaves us with one answer choice.
Answer C is the correct answer.
Store the fouls and Amazon S3 and create a lifecycle policy
to archive to glacier After six months, how did you do?
Let's look at one more.
There's a requirement to host database only to instance,
the storage option chosen must support at least 28,000 IOPS If you don't
remember IOPS our input output operations per second.
Which Amazon download volume type meets this performance
requirement for our database A e b s provisioned IOPS also known
as I 01 B e B s throughput optimize HDD,
c E B s general purpose SSD or D E B s cold HDD.
Well, think about it for a second.
Pause the video and again, think about how you would answer this question.
This type of question on the exam will require you to
remember key characteristics about volumes.
And what you have to understand is that you're not gonna
be able to get this kind of throughput from anything
except a provisioned IOPS Docker.
Thea.
Other types can't do it again.
How did you do?
Did you get them both right, Well, let's move on to the next exam.
Objective-C.
If you still are unclear or any of any of this,
there's ways you can go back and study some more.
Go back.
Review what we talked about in in the first module when we
laid out and built our middle model.
But let's keep going before we move to the next objective of the exam.
Let's take some exam takeaways that you really need
to focus on for this objective.
First of all, you want to design your infrastructures to fail.
Make sure when you design things, they're resilient and they don't just fail.
No single points of failure.
Secondly,
understand the difference between fault tolerance and high availability.
Go back,
look at the white papers and make sure you understand the difference
because they will try to trick you on the exam.
Third,
assume that an answer that is a single availability zone will never
be the correct answer to any question on the exam.
Finally,
manage services are always pervert because a manage
service is going to be managed by AD DS,
and you're not gonna have to worry about.
All the inner workings of it is if you then if you deploy it yourself, so keep that in mind for the exam.